Serenna Beers: Good morning.
Serenna Beers: Good. I can't see your face.
Annie m: Yes. Sorry, I'm just trying to
Annie m: Make my sister's coffee. She's still sleep.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: How are you today, you feel a little more rested.
Yeah.
Annie m: I have a slip so
You know, and
Serenna Beers: And I just, um,
Serenna Beers: I want to say to you, first and foremost, my intention was not to shame you in any way, shape, or form. But you got to know. I mean, being in recovery myself.
Serenna Beers: Experiencing the same addiction as you
Serenna Beers: I see things I know things. And so I was trying to come at it in a way where it felt gentle. So if I offended you. I want to first and foremost say that I'm genuinely sorry that was not my intent.
Annie m: No worries, you know, at that point, I had not really
Annie m: Lucky enough
Annie m: Okay.
Annie m: I had
Annie m: Not real
Annie m: And I had been trying to tie tree my sandbox by myself like take less amount. Some days, and
Annie m: I just
Annie m: I was feeling like I really didn't want to be on
Annie m: Anywhere, which I know is like a symptom bipolar always happens.
Annie m: Normally I take him.
Annie m: Anyway, but
Annie m: It was just like my body was
Annie m: My family.
Annie m: Had just like finished questioning me about everything and then I got into the group. And it was just like too much. I felt attacked so
Annie m: When it however than I did relapse. See, you're onto something like
Annie m: Two nights ago
Annie m: Not on my drug of choice for some reason they decided to use Coke, which is I don't understand, like, I've never been interested in Coke well
Serenna Beers: Would you like me to explain it to you why.
Serenna Beers: Okay, first of all,
Serenna Beers: Oftentimes folks that are opiate usage or opiate use and have been on this Suboxone there's something that that that occurs within your brain because obviously you know that if you're on the Suboxone, you're not going to get the same effect from
Serenna Beers: Using an opiate and so and
Serenna Beers: Also, you were you, you were in a very different place. You were tired. You were worn down exhausted. So really the come down the ghost slow had no appeal.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, me up had more of an appeal and it's crazy how our minds will justify. It's like, well, if I use this. It's not really my drug of choice. So it's not that bad.
Annie m: Yes.
Serenna Beers: I mean, yeah, it's, it's funny how our brains will rationalize
Serenna Beers: The stuff that we do. It's crazy. So for you to say I relapse, gosh, it doesn't make any sense. Not on my drug of choice. And in my mind, I'm like, that makes perfect sense.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, you know, trying to trying to tie, treat yourself, you obviously know are you if you didn't know then you now know that's probably not the wisest thing for me to do.
Annie m: And then I think it's
Annie m: The time. No.
Serenna Beers: No. What was something I mean did a life event occur or something. I mean, what happened that flipped because
Serenna Beers: In one week's time. Well, first of all, let me back up and say a relapse for us happens. It's called dry. There's dry and wet. That's how we differentiate dry is where you start to exhibit all the be haters. You were in group and you were nodding out
Annie m: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: You were exhausted. You were defensive. You were like, How dare you think I'm going to relapse, or that I did when the reality was, you are already spinning your wheels inside of your mind. You just hadn't acted on it yet.
Annie m: Yeah, and I honestly I didn't know it yet. Like, it felt like it came out of nowhere, just to the night before last, I was sewing, you know, face masks for my mom and
Annie m: They're all awesome
Annie m: For Korean sitting there talking to an old friend. He likes to do Coke and it was just like a bright idea.
Annie m: I like was like holy to still have that. And he was like, yeah, and within half an hour like of even starting the conversation with him. I was still saying the masks. He dropped it off outside. I went out there. I got it.
Annie m: You did almost the whole bag and then told my mom.
Annie m: It was crazy. It happened with the whole thing within the span of like three hours, but it was crazy. And I wasn't snorting it I was IV.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: So how many days, clean, are you then at this point.
Serenna Beers: So,
Annie m: It was all that night, so too.
Serenna Beers: Okay. How are you feeling right now.
Serenna Beers: Like where's your, what is your state of mind.
Annie m: And so sad.
Annie m: Like I love my surprise, he died.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Annie m: Just my hundred days like me and my sister me this like
Annie m: Best cheesecake that we have seen on for them cook on show some and like
Annie m: poking me in person.
Annie m: You know, like Mr. Brady Davis January 1 everything's been so wonderful, this time there been no road bumps.
Annie m: And it was like, there's still wasn't number bump except
Annie m: Feeling like I wasn't getting a lot of sleeping like feeling like I was I wrong thought I already had, you know,
Annie m: So, so, Stephen.
Annie m: Okay, so here's what I want to
Annie m: Get my arms hurt.
Serenna Beers: Oh, I can imagine. Do you have some track marks.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: Anna.
Serenna Beers: Unfortunately, sometimes relapse has to occur to really get a hold, and a grasp on just how powerful our addictive brain is like once that switch flips, we lose all sense of control and
Serenna Beers: That happened for you before you ever picked up. You just didn't see it, so
Serenna Beers: Here's the good news. Do you, do you want to hear some good news. Can you believe that there's some good news in all this because there really is.
Serenna Beers: One, you know, now more than you did before. So you're probably one of the smartest ones in the group. So as a newcomer
Serenna Beers: You can say, gosh. Now, I know I can't for one second, take my eye off the prize, like when you start to feel tired and overwhelmed. You stop right then and there and you do something to protect that sobriety.
Serenna Beers: That sobriety has to come before family. I'm not saying that you weren't putting it first. I believe that you were putting it first. However,
Serenna Beers: Because you thought that you were so strong, which you are
Serenna Beers: But when you're new. I mean, it took me well into my second year before I started to even think differently. I still had the criminality, I still had the manipulation. I still had all those types of
Serenna Beers: Behaviors, the line I would lie about dumb stuff that I don't even know why I'd lie about it. It just didn't make any sense. I wanted to feel good about myself. But those type of things are so slippery and we don't realize it until it's too late.
Serenna Beers: I pray that this isn't your path, but sometimes it takes those kind of slips for us to realize
Serenna Beers: What we need to do differently.
Serenna Beers: So the good, the good news is, now you understand exactly what self care means and what happens when you let it go. Right.
Serenna Beers: In January one is just a date. And what I mean by that is, like, that's one of the reasons why I've never like put my sobriety date on me.
Serenna Beers: And I almost did 111 time but I swear, everybody that I know that has has slept. So what do you do. So if you put all your, your efforts into that date if that date be becomes the end all be all then you lose sight of really what it's about and what it's about is that day.
Serenna Beers: I have no I have today, just like you. I may have collected
Serenna Beers: Gosh dang 14 years and August never returned, November, December, January, February, March.
Serenna Beers: 14 years, eight months and 2028 days.
Serenna Beers: But that could be gone in an instant in an instant. All I have to do is
Serenna Beers: Remember that when I wake up.
Serenna Beers: I'm no better or no different than anybody else. I have the day I have the day to make
Serenna Beers: The healthiest choices that I possibly can. So now you have a new date and with this new date comes new experience comes New Hope comes new strategies comes new type of mindset, you have to figure out a way to pull yourself up. I am. Are you into reading at all.
Annie m: I'm reading
Serenna Beers: Okay, so if you've never have read this book and I don't normally cuss especially on video, but it's the name of the book. This book is called unstuck yourself.
Serenna Beers: And it's all about self sabotage. It is the greatest book and it is. It's one that I'll read at least once a year because I learned
Serenna Beers: Something new in it, you know, every time I have a breakup, you know, or I get. I get my little heartbroken.
Serenna Beers: Or every time I say something bad to my 10 year old kid because I get mad because I'm exhausted from doing this type of work all day so I lash out on her and then I have this guilt. This parental guilt or
Serenna Beers: Every time I, you know, just anything that I do, I will go to a place so fast, of where I beat myself up. That's what us addicts in recovery do we're good at that. We don't need anybody else to beat us up for to shame us because we do a great job all on our own.
Annie m: Mean only do it anyway.
Serenna Beers: I know. But Anna. Listen, you are still that same brave strong woman, you are still that woman who has
Serenna Beers: All that time she just had a slip in it. Okay, you, you didn't lose what you've gained in those 100 days. What you're going to do is you're going to take those 100 days and apply it with your new walk
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: You know what I mean.
Annie m: Totally like. That's how I feel. I'm like, so what I mean, in a way, I know it's a big deal. But I'm like, What's changed and like
Annie m: Everything in my life has been so good and I'm doing things so well and taking care of stuff that I've needed to take care of for years my relationship with my family so close being home taking care of my sisters just been a blessing. It's the best thing for me.
Annie m: Like I'm excited for things they feel more and more myself every day.
Annie m: And here I am like a couple of days after that slip and other than being kind of tired and sad. I know, I really don't understand what has changed so much in everyone's eyes like they like, they do not want me anymore.
Annie m: I was honest.
Annie m: You know, I mean they waited till I finished the bag but excellence and to me relapses when okay you slip and then you look back on your life until it takes so I everything now, but I do that.
Annie m: I stopped so
Annie m: I just
Annie m: I just wish that my family and I could see that still mean like
Annie m: I didn't lose everything.
Serenna Beers: Unfortunately, dealing with family systems.
Serenna Beers: That was one of the most difficult parts of when I used to. I ran a treatment center in Oregon and I used to do the family weekends.
Serenna Beers: And families were oftentimes sicker than the clients were and what I mean by that is, is they don't see what their part in it is family members have relapse be hey beers that is where there. They don't trust.
Serenna Beers: They enable or they go cold and just cut you off. They do that whole tough love without connection. I mean, there's all different kinds of things that family participate in your addiction, but they don't understand that part. And as much as
Serenna Beers: You know it, even if you beat them over the head with 12 step and all the education and the proof and the
Serenna Beers: Research. It was very interesting to me how a lot of the patients that I saw would recover and families wouldn't because they just because there's so much in denial about their own part in it.
Serenna Beers: Right, oftentimes, they will hold their loved one.
Serenna Beers: Hostage and they won't forgive. They won't give another chance. They won't, you know. But on the flip side of that,
Serenna Beers: Annie. That's the consequences of our use and unfortunately you
Serenna Beers: When you chose to do what you did.
Serenna Beers: Now you're going to sit with the consequences.
Serenna Beers: What whatever that looks like.
Serenna Beers: If your family truly loves you and support you, they will come around, but it has to be in their time because you broke their trust and regardless of
Serenna Beers: You know how good that you had been doing. They're not going to see that because they don't understand the addiction, like you do, or like I do, or like anybody else who understood stands, it does.
Serenna Beers: And so no matter what you say or do you can't change how a person feels. All you can do is just continue to do your best and not let this change your course you're very strong you're very willing, you're very brave. I mean,
Serenna Beers: And you're just gonna have to pick yourself up and figure out, okay, so they if they don't want want me here, then what are, what are my other. What are my other options do you have other other other other options like do you live with someone else other than them.
Annie m: Know, skip ahead a scholarship to a super living but then quarantine is stop taking people
Serenna Beers: Time.
Serenna Beers: I mean, are they wanting to kick you out on the street. It has that
Annie m: I think that mean dead ends.
Annie m: I think my mom is like, Oh my God, she's an angel. Like, it feels like she's not she reads books about addictions just
Annie m: But she's the only one that will
Annie m: Like after something happens and nurture me and like, give me a hug Tomatina be okay. Like, you know,
Annie m: Be with me and like love me and it feels so good.
Annie m: Like she's, she's only one but it puts her in a compromising position because the main dad's mad at her. I take
Annie m: That next morning after everything when I went downstairs.
Annie m: I wanted so bad that call into my sister's hospital bed and just cuddle and watch something
Annie m: I like walked up and she just screaming, screaming at me. She didn't want to look at me.
Annie m: I wish everyone could just remember love like to me.
Annie m: Still human that still hurts.
Serenna Beers: What if you were to and and i don't know how willing that you are. But what if you I mean I know for me, it literally took me throwing myself down
Serenna Beers: At the mercy of my family for them to trust me again. I literally said whatever your rules are, I will abide by. And if I break them this time. And this was the final time that and and i didn't pick up or drink or use again.
Serenna Beers: I said if you give me this chance
Serenna Beers: If I mess up, then that then you won't have to ask me to leave because I will leave, I will take the consequences of my choice. But I asked you to read about
Serenna Beers: Relapse I asked you to read. You know, I asked you to, you know, help me help myself you know i i i understand why you're angry and hurt.
Serenna Beers: But I'm telling you that I'm still that same girl who had 100 days. I just had a slip and now I know differently. I'm better now because I know
Serenna Beers: What I did that led me up to that, you know, you can't get tired, you know, you can't do too too much and you know that you have to, no matter what.
Serenna Beers: Stay away from people, places and things like obviously to continue a relationship with this gentleman who's has the cocaine is not wise and is not. It is not in your best interest.
Serenna Beers: No.
Serenna Beers: Have to move
Annie m: And my dad in so long.
Annie m: He took like I said he texted me half hour later, he is dropping it off like
Annie m: First time via text to me in three years.
Serenna Beers: Did you remove him from your phone.
Annie m: Yeah, I'm Jim, what
Serenna Beers: Is number out
Annie m: Well, yeah, that too because otherwise you can just unblock him. No, I had my mom block him from it's a family.
Serenna Beers: Plan. Okay, gotcha.
Annie m: She does it in I or is it, like, there's no way
Annie m: That like
Annie m: Number. And also, but it's like there's always Facebook or there's always asking someone else but I have to trust that every step, they put between mean relapse like every step that makes it a little bit.
Annie m: Harder is a step to that mentally gives me a
Annie m: Chance to change my mind.
Serenna Beers: So until we get you on track. Are you opposed to me just doing and it doesn't have to be long, like this is only going to be a 30 minute check in. Can I see you every single week for for at least a month.
Serenna Beers: And then we can maybe talk talk about moving it up.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Does that work.
Serenna Beers: Yeah okay are you jerk jerk journaling at all.
Annie m: Then start
Serenna Beers: Okay, I want you to start tonight, even if all you put down is
Serenna Beers: Today sucked.
Serenna Beers: The next day, you might put today was a better day I blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. The next day, you might put just feelings you might put the word
Serenna Beers: Back. I mean, you might like sometimes my
Serenna Beers: Journal has just a happy face. Sometimes my journal all draw and I with a tear and I'll get all like artsy just because
Serenna Beers: I can't put put my emotions in
Serenna Beers: And into words.
Annie m: But as long as you're putting it down.
Serenna Beers: On paper, it does something inside the brain.
Serenna Beers: So can you commit to even if you literally put the date down and say I got nothing. You're making the attempt to journal every
Annie m: Day.
Serenna Beers: When you're trying to create is a pattern. Okay.
Serenna Beers: And then all I asked from you is when I talk to you each week and I say, How's the journaling house, how are the thoughts feeling urges
Serenna Beers: Honest. I'm the one that you can be honest with okay there's no judgment here because
Serenna Beers: I promise you if I haven't experienced it. I've heard about it and I've coached folks through it. Okay. I am here to help you. I'm on your team. I'm one of your biggest fans because I want to see you do this. Okay.
Serenna Beers: And
Serenna Beers: If I am struggling with something I see in the group for now because you're very vulnerable and fragile. I'm going to
Serenna Beers: I'll privately text. Dr. Allah DAG and will either remove you from the room, but I'm not going to call you out like that. Because what I don't want you to do is shut down. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I'm not going to enable you but if I need to remove you versus confront you in the group until you can come back. But what I do want you to do with the group.
Serenna Beers: If you can, is just to be honest, because you'd be shocked you might help save someone else.
Serenna Beers: You might have no clue how many others are short struggling with exactly where you're at.
Serenna Beers: Maybe, maybe acted on it to maybe they
Serenna Beers: Haven't but you're not the only one in the group that we see.
Serenna Beers: As providers that struggling, but you are one of the ones that have come up and said, I messed up. That takes a lot of guts.
Annie m: To do that, and I want you to know that. And I don't think
Serenna Beers: That you'll get anything but support and and people who understand you and just want to see you, walk, walk through this. Okay.
Annie m: Right, okay.
Serenna Beers: So let me take a look really quick at my schedule.
Serenna Beers: I'm
Annie m: Taking a look at my schedule.
Annie m: Okay, feel like there's some friggin
Serenna Beers: Now, which group, are you in. Are you in the Friday. Friday group or the Thursday group.
Annie m: Do you see, okay.
Serenna Beers: Does 830 work with with you.
Annie m: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so why don't we do a standing
Serenna Beers: Somebody there. Oh, yeah. So why don't we do a standing 830 group with you so that way you can put it in your cat, cat calendar. Does that work.
Annie m: Be 30 uni.
Annie m: Yes. Okay. Yeah.
Annie m: Perfect. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Hang on a minute, I want to do this when I'm on the phone with you.
Serenna Beers: It's Annie or Anna because they put Anna in here. I know that you go by Annie, but is that is that your name, Annie.
Annie m: Many names in
Okay.
Serenna Beers: On my schedule as a standing 8:30am Tuesday appointment.
Serenna Beers: For the next four weeks. Okay.
Annie m: Okay.
Serenna Beers: And in the meantime, I want you to really honestly work on self care, it's going to be huge for you and journaling and that's really
Serenna Beers: I want you to do for yourself what you know that works and if you get in a bind where you're like having a rough one, and you want to use.
Serenna Beers: The virtual clinic knows how to reach me and I will do a crisis call with you okay if you reach out and there's not anybody else who's you know who's going to get the phone I'm 100% here here here for you. Okay.
Annie m: Thank you.
Serenna Beers: You're welcome. Okay, I just want to see you get back on your feet. Okay, this was just a slip this isn't, this isn't, this isn't your end all be all and you're, you're going to be stronger for it. Alright so rise above it.
Annie m: They were
Serenna Beers: Straight brown and keep walking.
Annie m: And then just surgery body didn't hurt so much
Serenna Beers: But you know what, let the pain motivate you to what you don't want to feel again remember it, because the the memory.
Serenna Beers: Of it can't can can help to strengthen you. Because with strength, you don't get to be strong without the pain that you have to feel okay
Annie m: Right, like the memory of not being able to straighten my arm all the way and because
Serenna Beers: Remember that
Annie m: So swarm on the veins. I remember that already. And I hated it.
Serenna Beers: I said,
Serenna Beers: I know I SING. I SING helps a lot for, for I sit
Serenna Beers: I sit for about four or five times a day. I promise you that that that that'll help
Serenna Beers: Okay, okay.
Annie m: Thank you.
Serenna Beers: All right, I'll see you in group this week and then I'll see you next week for our individual
Serenna Beers: Okay. Okay, bye.